c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe.config
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Math.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.pdb
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.Form1.resources
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
c:\users\today\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe.config
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.dll
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.Util.dll
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Math.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.pdb
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Release\Emgu.Util.xml
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Today\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
